these terms of service are applicable from the date shown on this page. the list of the older versions can be seen on our legal center and can be available upon request, using the dedicated form available inside our legal center. these are the general terms of service for using innohub.space operated by pmc. specific terms of services may apply for each service we provide to you. please read these terms of service (“terms”, “terms of service”, “tos”) carefully before using innohub.space website (the “service”, the “website”, the “site”) operated by pmc (“us”, ‘we”, “our”). this tos is applicable for *.innohub.space and for all sub-sites of *.innohub.space. a sub-site of *.innohub.space is a site that can be accessed from a url having the form of *.innohub.space/subsite-name. unless otherwise specified, these general tos are applicable for all services provided by us on this site or on any of the sub-sites. specific terms of service may be applicable for each service we provide to you. additionally, we may have individual contracts with you. in case of conflicts between these legal documents, the order of precedence is: 1. the individual contract we have with you; 2. the specific terms of service; 3. general terms of service. for full information about our legal documents, please visit our legal center. by accessing or using our sites and our services, you hereby agree to be bound by the terms and all terms incorporated herein by reference. it is the responsibility of you, the user, customer, or prospective customer to read the terms and conditions before proceeding to use this site. we will provide the services to you, which are subject to the conditions stated below in this document. every time you visit this website, use its services or make a purchase, you accept the following conditions. this is why we urge you to read them carefully. any and all visitors to our site shall be deemed as “users” of the herein contained services provided for the purpose of this tos. the user acknowledges and agrees that the services provided and made available through our website and applications, which may include some mobile applications and that those applications may be made available on various social media networking sites and numerous other platforms and downloadable programs, are the sole property of pmc. at its discretion, pmc may offer additional website services and/or products, or update, modify or revise any current content and services, and this agreement shall apply to any and all additional services and/or products and any and all updated, modified or revised services unless otherwise stipulated. pmc does hereby reserve the right to cancel and cease offering any of the aforementioned services and/or products. you, as the end user acknowledge, accept and agree that pmc shall not be held liable for any such updates, modifications, revisions, suspensions or discontinuance of any of our services and/or products. your continued use of the services provided, after such posting of any updates, changes, and/or modifications shall constitute your acceptance of such updates, changes and/or modifications, and as such, frequent review of this agreement and any and all applicable terms and policies should be made by you to ensure you are aware of all terms and policies currently in effect. should you not agree to the updated, revised or modified terms, you must stop using the provided services forthwith. furthermore, the user understands, acknowledges and agrees that the services offered shall be provided “as is” and as such pmc shall not assume any responsibility or obligation for the timeliness, missed delivery, deletion and/or any failure to store user content, communication or personalisation settings. due to the global nature of the internet, through the use of our network you hereby agree to comply with all local rules relating to online conduct and that which is considered acceptable content. uploading, posting and/or transferring of software, technology and other technical data may be subject to the export and import laws of romania and possibly other countries. through the use of our network, you thus agree to comply with all applicable export and import laws, statutes and regulations. furthermore, you state and pledge that you: - are not on the list of prohibited individuals which may be identified on any government export exclusion report nor a member of any other government which may be part of an export-prohibited country identified in applicable export and import laws and regulations; - agree not to transfer any software, technology or any other technical data through the use of our network services to any export-prohibited country;. before you continue using our website we advise you to read our privacy and cookies policies regarding our user data collection. it will help you better understand our practices. content published on this website (included but not limited to digital downloads, texts, graphics, logos, applications) is the property of pmc and/or its content creators and protected by international copyright laws. the entire compilation of the content found on this website is the exclusive property of pmc. you do hereby acknowledge and agree that innohub.space services and any essential software that may be used in connection with our services (“software”) shall contain proprietary and confidential material that is protected by applicable intellectual property rights and other laws. furthermore, you herein acknowledge and agree that any content which may be contained in any advertisements or information presented by and through our services or by advertisers is protected by copyrights, trademarks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. therefore, except for that which is expressly permitted by applicable law or as authorised by pmc or such applicable licensor, you agree not to alter, modify, lease, rent, loan, sell, distribute, transmit, broadcast, publicly perform and/or created any plagiaristic works which are based on innohub.space services (e.g., content or software), in whole or part. pmc herein has granted you personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive rights and/or license to make use of the object code or our software, as long as you do not, and shall not, allow any third party to duplicate, alter, modify, create or plagiarise work from, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise make an attempt to locate or discern any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in and/or otherwise transfer any such right in the software. furthermore, you do herein agree not to alter or change the software in any manner, nature or form, and as such, not to use any modified versions of the software, including and without limitation, for the purpose of obtaining unauthorised access to our services. lastly, you also agree not to access or attempt to access our services through any means other than through the interface which is provided by innohub.space for use in accessing our services. pmc will always respect the intellectual property of others, and we ask that all of our users do the same. with regard to appropriate circumstances and at its sole discretion, pmc may disable and/or terminate the accounts of any user who violates our tos and/or infringes the rights of others. if you feel that your work has been duplicated in such a way that would constitute copyright infringement, or if you believe your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, you should provide to us the following information: - the electronic or the physical signature of the individual that is authorised on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest; - a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you believe has been infringed upon; - a description of the location of the site which you allege has been infringing upon your work; - your physical address, telephone number, and email address; - a statement, in which you state that the alleged and disputed use of your work is not authorised by the copyright owner, its agents or the law; - and finally, a statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the aforementioned information in your notice is truthful and accurate, and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner, representative or agent authorised to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner’s behalf. you herein acknowledge, understand and agree that all of the innohub.space services and/or products trademarks, copyright, trade name, service marks, and other logos and any brand features, and/or product and service names are trademarks and as such, are and shall remain the property of pmc. you herein agree not to display and/or use in any manner the pmc logo or marks without obtaining our prior written consent. the entire communication with us is electronic. every time you send us an email or visit our website, you are going to be communicating with us. you hereby consent to receive communications from us. we will continue to communicate with you by posting news and notices on our website. you also agree that all notices, disclosures, agreements and other communications we provide to you electronically meet the legal requirements that such communications be in writing. by visiting this website, you agree that the laws of romania, without regard to principles of conflict laws, will govern these terms of service, or any dispute of any sort that might come between pmc and you, or its business partners and associates. any dispute related in any way to your visit to this website or to products and/or services you purchase from us shall be arbitrated by the court bucharest, romania and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts. users may post content as long as it is not obscene, illegal, defamatory, threatening, infringing of intellectual property rights, invasive of privacy or injurious in any other way to third parties. content has to be free of software viruses, political campaign, and commercial solicitation. we reserve all rights (but not the obligation) to remove and/or edit such content. when you post your content, you grant pmc non-exclusive, royalty-free and irrevocable right to use, reproduce, publish, modify such content throughout the world in any media. innohub.space provides areas for our users to contribute to our website. when you submit ideas, documents, suggestions and/or proposals (“contributions”) to our site, you acknowledge and agree that: - your contributions do not contain any type of confidential or proprietary information; - pmc shall not be liable or under any obligation to ensure or maintain confidentiality, expressed or implied, related to any contributions; - pmc shall be entitled to make use of and/or disclose any such contributions in any such manner as they may see fit; - pmc is under no obligation to either compensate or provide any form of reimbursement in any manner or nature. all users herein agree to insure and hold pmc, our subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, officers, partners and/or licensors blameless or not liable for any claim or demand, which may include, but is not limited to, reasonable attorney fees made by any third party which may arise from any content a user of our site may submit, post, modify, transmit or otherwise make available through our services, the use of innohub.space services or your connection with these services, your violations of the general terms of service, (where applicable) specific terms of services and/or your violation of any such rights of another person. we grant you a limited license to access and make personal use of this website. you are not allowed to download or modify it. this may be done only with written consent from us. the user herein agrees not to replicate, duplicate, copy, trade, sell, resell nor exploit for any commercial reason any part, use of, or access to innohub.space. such rights can be only explicitly granted by pmc under specific terms of services or under an individual contract with you. if you are an owner of an account on this website, you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your private user details (username and password). you are responsible for all activities that occur under your account or password. we reserve all rights to terminate accounts, edit or remove content and cancel orders in their sole discretion. you herein expressly acknowledge and agree that: - the use of innohub.space services and software are at the sole risk by you. our services and software shall be provided on an “as is” and/or “as available” basis. pmc and our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors expressly disclaim any and all warranties of any kind whether expressed or implied, including, but not limited to any implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. - pmc and our subsidiaries, officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors make no such warranties that (i) innohub.space services or software will meet your requirements; (ii)innohub.space services or software shall be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free; (iii) that such results which may be obtained from the use of the innohub.space services or software will be accurate or reliable; (iv) quality of any products, services, any information or other material which may be purchased or obtained by you through our services or software will meet your expectations; and (v) that any such errors contained in the software shall be corrected. - any information or material downloaded or otherwise obtained by way of innohub.space services or software shall be accessed by your sole discretion and sole risk, and as such you shall be solely responsible for and hereby waive any and all claims and causes of action with respect to any damage to your computer and/or internet access, downloading and/or displaying, or for any loss of data that could result from the download of any such information or material. - no advice and/or information, despite whether written or oral, that may be obtained by you from innohub.space or by way of or from our services or software shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the tos. - a small percentage of users may experience some degree of epileptic seizure when exposed to certain light patterns or backgrounds that may be contained on a computer screen or while using our services. certain conditions may induce a previously unknown condition or undetected epileptic symptom in users who have shown no history of any prior seizure or epilepsy. should you, anyone you know or anyone in your family have an epileptic condition, please consult a physician if you experience any of the following symptoms while using our services: dizziness, altered vision, eye or muscle twitches, loss of awareness, disorientation, any involuntary movement, or convulsions. you explicitly acknowledge, understand and agree that pmc and our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors shall not be liable to you for any punitive, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including, but not limited to, damages which may be related to the loss of any profits, goodwill, use, data and/or other intangible losses, even though we may have been advised of such possibility that said damages may occur, and result from: - the use or inability to use our service; - the cost of procuring substitute goods and services; - unauthorised access to or the alteration of your transmissions and/or data; - statements or conduct of any such third party on our service; - and any other matter which may be related to our service. in the event you have a dispute, you agree to release pmc (and its officers, directors, employees, agents, parent subsidiaries, affiliates, co-branders, partners and any other third parties) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected to such dispute. pmc shall reserve the right at any time it may deem fit, to modify, alter and or discontinue, whether temporarily or permanently, our service, or any part thereof, with or without prior notice. in addition, we shall not be held liable to you or to any third party for any such alteration, modification, suspension and/or discontinuance of our services, or any part thereof. any correspondence or business dealings with, or the participation in any promotions of, advertisers located on or through our services, which may include the payment and/or delivery of such related goods and/or services, and any such other term, condition, warranty and/or representation associated with such dealings, are and shall be solely between you and any such advertiser. moreover, you herein agree that pmc shall not be held responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any nature or manner incurred as a direct result of any such dealings or as a result of the presence of such advertisers on our website. either pmc or any third parties may provide links to other websites and/or resources. thus, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the availability of any such external sites or resources, and as such, we do not endorse nor are we responsible or liable for any content, products, advertising or any other materials, on or available from such third party sites or resources. furthermore, you acknowledge and agree that pmc shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any such damage or loss which may be a result of, caused or allegedly to be caused by or in connection with the use of or the reliance on any such content, goods or services made available on or through any such site or resource. you herein acknowledge, understand and agree, unless otherwise expressly provided in this tos, that there shall be no third-party beneficiaries to this agreement. at any time, should pmc fail to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the tos, such failure shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. if any provision of this tos is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavour to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the tos remain in full force and effect. the user understands, acknowledges and agrees that: - the services are offered “as is” and this includes the language in which the services are provided. at anytime, with or without prior notice, pmc can add or remove languages in which the services are provided; - the services are provided at least in english language; - the language(s) in which the services are provided cannot be invoked as reason for not understanding these tos; - in case of conflicts between the terms in different languages, english will prevail; furthermore, the user understands, acknowledges and agrees that: - due to technical limitations of the mobile devices in terms of the screen (viewport) size, some parts of the information may not be shown and some functionalities may not be available in the mobile version of the site or any of the sub-sites; - the technical limitations of the mobile devices cannot be invoked as reason for non-existence of the information; - the reference for the information and functionalities shall always be the desktop version of the site or of any sub-site;